Added documentation files (#3)
avantifellows/portal-frontend: docs/DEPLOYMENT.MD

# DEPLOYMENT
This document covers steps on setting up this repository on various cloud hosting providers.

# AWS

# Staging
1. Login to your aws console.
2. Create a S3 bucket and uncheck `Block all plublic access`.
3. Enable static website hosting and note down the bucket endpoint. We'll use it to set up a Cloudfront distribution later.
4. In Cloudfront, create a distribution with the S3 origin, created in the step above.
5. If you choose to set up a SSL, do so at this step.
6. Use a DNS provider of your choice. Give an appropriate CNAME and enter the target address. This would be the address of the newly created Cloudfront distribution.
7. Add the following lines to the `scripts` object in `package.json`.
    
    ```"deploy-staging": "vue-cli-service build --mode staging && aws --profile $YOUR_AWS_PROFILE --region $YOUR_AWS_REGION s3 sync ./dist $S3_STAGING_BUCKET_NAME --delete --acl public-read", ```

>     ```"deploy": "vue-cli-service build && aws --profile $YOUR_AWS_PROFILE --region $YOUR_AWS_REGION s3 sync ./dist $S3_PROD_BUCKET_NAME --delete --acl public-read"```

Reviewer: <img width="1054" alt="Screenshot 2021-08-05 at 4 12 11 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/20169829/128337224-45aa91d7-6639-4a67-9dd9-6a8d9f4a75eb.png">
could be made better
Use this

```json
{
    "deploy-staging": "vue-cli-service build --mode staging && aws --profile $YOUR_AWS_PROFILE --region $YOUR_AWS_REGION s3 sync ./dist s3://$S3_STAGING_BUCKET_NAME --delete --acl public-read",
     "deploy": "vue-cli-service build && aws --profile $YOUR_AWS_PROFILE --region $YOUR_AWS_REGIO s3 sync ./dist s3://$S3_STAGING_BUCKET_NAME --delete --acl public-read"
}
```

# DEPLOYMENT
This document covers steps on setting up this repository on various cloud hosting providers.

# AWS

# Staging
1. Login to your aws console.
2. Create a S3 bucket and uncheck `Block all plublic access`.

> 3. Enable static website hosting and the bucket endpoint is what will be used to set up Cloudfront distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enable static website hosting and note down the bucket endpoint. We'll use it to set up a Cloudfront distribution later.
```

> 4. In Cloudfront, create a distribution with the S3 origin, created in step 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In Cloudfront, create a distribution with the S3 origin, created in the step above.
```

5. If you choose to set up a SSL, do so at this step.

> 6. Use a DNS provider of your choice. The target address would be the address Cloudfront has generated for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Use a DNS provider of your choice. Give an appropriate CNAME and enter the target address. This would be the address of the newly created Cloudfront distribution.
```

7. Next, go to your GitHub repository and create a new environment from settings tab.
        i. Name the environment as Staging.
        ii. Make sure you have added the following GitHub secrets on repository level. If not, add these as your environment secrets.
                AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID
                AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
                AWS_REGION

>         iii. Additionally, refer to .env.example file to set all the other required environment variables for your project.

Reviewer: Why is this required?

Author: You'll need to add AWS credentials, no? I saw it in the plio readme too. not required?

Reviewer: No no
AWS credentials are required to push the file on s3. But you do that locally using `yarn deploy`. So you need those creds locally, not stored on github.

These are only required when github is pushing the file to s3 on our behalf. And that is in the case of CD. So it's not really required here. let me know if it's not clear

Author: Oh! Understood, makes sense!

> 8. To deploy your code on to staging, use `npm deploy-staging/yarn deploy-staging`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. To deploy your code on to staging, use `npm run deploy-staging` or `yarn deploy-staging`.
```
`npm deploy-staging` is not the right command

> 

Reviewer: Also, I think you missed the steps of setting up a script inside `package.json`

3. Enable static website hosting and note down the bucket endpoint. We'll use it to set up a Cloudfront distribution later.
4. In Cloudfront, create a distribution with the S3 origin, created in the step above.
5. If you choose to set up a SSL, do so at this step.
6. Use a DNS provider of your choice. Give an appropriate CNAME and enter the target address. This would be the address of the newly created Cloudfront distribution.
7. Next, go to your GitHub repository and create a new environment from settings tab.
        i. Name the environment as Staging.
        ii. Make sure you have added the following GitHub secrets on repository level. If not, add these as your environment secrets.
                AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID
                AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
                AWS_REGION
        iii. Additionally, refer to .env.example file to set all the other required environment variables for your project.

8. Add the following lines to the `scripts` object in `package.json`.
    - "deploy-staging": "vue-cli-service build --mode staging && aws --profile $YOUR_AWS_PROFILE --region $YOUR_AWS_REGION s3 sync ./dist $S3_STAGING_BUCKET_NAME --delete --acl public-read",

>     "deploy": "vue-cli-service build && aws --profile $YOUR_AWS_PROFILE --region $YOUR_AWS_REGION s3 sync ./dist $S3_PROD_BUCKET_NAME --delete --acl public-read"

Reviewer: <img width="995" alt="Screenshot 2021-08-05 at 4 01 00 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/20169829/128335788-74b60d46-d1a4-4922-bb1c-dde0d94ae539.png">
This looks like as shown in the screenshot in markdown
Better way to write this would be using code blocks in markdown
See this https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/creating-and-highlighting-code-blocks
